one big canoe experience to another
we're now in Toronto which is about an
hour and a half outside of Niagara Falls
we're standing in front of the CN tower
which is one of the major landmarks here
in Toronto you can actually go all the
way to the very top of the tower and eat
in restaurant called 360 which offers
decent food but really what you're
paying for isn't food it's you it makes
it full revolutions per hour which
allows you panoramic views of the
Toronto skyline definitely cool and
worth checked out the restaurant is a
bit pricey and we found the food to be a
bit mediocre but the views were amazing
with a little bit of planning I was able
to make the reservation for around
sunset which made our dinner as Megan
would say the next day we just learned
her trolley and headed to the Canadian
National Exhibition
so much fun okay let's guess your weight
bag the X as the locals call it is
nothing more than a giant County Fair
although not big on crowds we thought it
would be a great opportunity to try a
local delicacy called Putin Putin is
just basically french fries with cheese
curds and gravy on top we're gonna try
some poutine for the first time combat
it's a heart attack waiting to happen
but great drunk food and great hangover
food too after filling up on some
poutine and a bison burger Meghan grab
the beer and then I wasted some money on
a few dumb carnival games waste of money
look what I won that big rubber balls
worth about 2 cents and it only cost me
$10 to win which is Megan I enjoy a
crowd I think we're gonna get out of
here find a better place for us